Adds guidance around semver (#55)
trussworks/Engineering-Playbook: infra/tf/README.md

* Something about Truss Terraform Modules
* How to layout/structure a Terraform Project

### Semantic Versioning

> * When publishing a module for the first time, if you're uncertain what version to use, use `v.1.0.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When publishing a module for the first time, if you're uncertain what version to use, use `v1.0.0`
```
